docs: Improve description of destination_dir and keep_files (#569)
peaceiris/actions-gh-pages: README.md

### ⭐️ Keeping existing files `keep_files`

> By default, existing files in the publishing directory (or `destination_dir` if you use) will be removed. If you want the action to add new files but leave existing ones untouched, set the optional parameter `keep_files` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, existing files in the publish branch (or just in `destination_dir` if given) will be removed. If you want the action to add new files but leave existing ones untouched, set the optional parameter `keep_files` to `true`.
```

Publish branch was correct, I think. It's how the option is named, but it just did not mention destination dir yet. Thus my suggestion above.
